"Hey!Earthman?!You!hungry!kid?"!said!Zaphod's!voice.!
"Er,!well!yes,!a!little!peckish!I!suppose,"!said!Arthur.!
"OK!baby,!hold!tight,"!said!Zaphod.!"We'll!take!in!a!quick!bite!at!the!
Restaurant!at!the!End!of!the!Universe."!

START OF AI TEXT

"Er,!what!is!that?"!said!Arthur.!
"It's!a!restaurant!at!the!end!of!the!Universe,"!said!Zaphod.!
"Er,!yes,!but!what!is!the!Universe?"!said!Arthur.!
"It's!a!very!big!place!"!said!Zaphod.!
"Er,!yes,!but!what!is!it?"!said!Arthur.!
"It's!a!place!"!said!Zaphod.!
"Er,!yes,!but!what!is!it?"!said!Arthur.!

"Look!"!said!Zaphod.!"I'm!not!gonna!explain!it!to!you!because!it's!
obvious!that!you're!not!gonna!get!it!anyway!so!I'm!just!gonna!tell!
you!that!it's!a!place!and!that!it's!a!restaurant!at!the!end!of!it!and!
that!we're!going!there!now!so!get!your!arse!in!gear!"!
"OK!"!said!Arthur.!

He!got!up!and!went!to!the!bridge!and!found!Zaphod!and!Trillian!
already!there!waiting!for!him.!
"Where's!Ford?"!he!asked.!
"Ford's!in!the!restaurant!"!said!Zaphod.!
"And!The!mice?"!said!Arthur.!
"Dead!"!said!Zaphod.!
"Dead?"!said!Arthur.!
"Dead!"!said!Zaphod.!

"How!did!they!die?"!said!Arthur.!
"Ford!ate!them!"!said!Zaphod.!
"Ford!ate!them?"!said!Arthur.!

"Yep!"!said!Zaphod.!
"but!why?"!said!Arthur.!
"Because!he's!hungry!"!said!Zaphod.!

"So!what!are!we!doing!here?"!said!Arthur.!
"We're!going!to!the!restaurant!"!said!Zaphod.!

"this!is!utterly!hopelss!said!Marvin.!I!can't!understand!a!word!he! says."!
"Shut!up!"!said!Zaphod.!"I'm!talking!to!the!Earthman!"!

"Look!"!said!Zaphod.!"I'm!just!looking!for!a!quick!bite!to!eat!and!
then!I'm!gonna!go!and!get!myself!a!new!brain!because!this!one's! a!total!waste!of!space!"!

"You're!gonna!get!a!new!brain?"!said!Arthur.!
"Yep!"!said!Zaphod.!
"Where?"!said!Arthur.!
"From!a!brain!donor!"!said!Zaphod.!
"But!who?"!said!Arthur.!
"Me!"!said!Zaphod.!
"But!you're!you!"!said!Arthur.!
"Yep!"!said!Zaphod.!
"I've!been!called!a!halfwit!so!many!times!I've!lost!count!"!said!Zaphod.!
"So,!I!decided!to!do!something!about!it!"!said!Zaphod.!
"Now!maybe!I'll!be!called!a!halfwit!with!half!a!brain!"!said!Zaphod.!

"Er,!I!don't!think!that's!gonna!work!"!said!Arthur.!
"Look!"!said!Zaphod.!"I'm!not!gonna!explain!it!to!you!because!it's! obvious!that!you're!not!gonna!get!it!anyway!

"You're!a!total!waste!of!space!"!said!Arthur.!
"Entire!Space!stations!are!built!around!me!"!said!Zaphod.!
"Er,!yes,!but!they're!not!gonna!be!built!around!you!for!much!longer!"! said!Arthur.!

"Shut!the!hell!up!"!said!Trillian.!She!was!looking!at!Arthur!with! a!look!of!utter!contempt.!

"Her!eyes!are!like!two!burning!holes!in!the!side!of!my!head!"!said! Zaphod.!He!was!looking!at!Trillian!with!a!look!of!utter!contempt.!

Arthur!was!looking!at!Zaphod!with!a!look!of!utter!contempt!so!completely! identical!to!the!one!Trillian!was!looking!at!him!with!that!it!was! impossible!to!tell!them!apart.!

"This!triangle!of!contempt!"!said!Marvin,!reminds!me!of!something! I!read!in!a!book!once."!

"Once!upon!a!time!there!were!3!beings!who!were!so!utterly!contemptuous! of!each!other!that!they!could!not!bear!to!look!at!each!other!for! fear!of!being!contempted!by!the!other!two!and!so!they!spent!their! lives!avoiding!each!other!and!living!in!separate!parts!of!the!universe! and!they!were!happy!"!

"Er,!yes,!but!what!is!the!universe?"!said!Arthur.!
And!then!the!universe!exploded!and!everyone!died.!

THE END OF AI TEXT